Update deploy-audio-conferencing-teams-landing-page.md (#2374)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/deploy-audio-conferencing-teams-landing-page.md

|Ask yourself|Action |
|------------|-------|
|Is Audio Conferencing available for my country/region?|To find out if Audio Conferencing is available for your country/region, see [Country and region availability for Audio Conferencing and Calling Plans](country-and-region-availability-for-audio-conferencing-and-calling-plans/country-and-region-availability-for-audio-conferencing-and-calling-plans.md).|

> |Do my users have the proper licensing for Teams Audio Conferencing?|Audio Conferencing licenses are available as part of an Office 365 E5 subscription or as an add-on service for an Office 365 Business Premium, E1 or E3 subscription. <ul><li>To get and assign licenses, see [Try or purchase Audio Conferencing in Office 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/SkypeForBusiness/audio-conferencing-in-office-365/try-or-purchase-audio-conferencing-in-office-365) and [Assign or remove licenses for Office 365 for business](https://support.office.com/article/997596b5-4173-4627-b915-36abac6786dc).</li><li> To learn more, read [Microsoft Teams add-on licensing](teams-add-on-licensing/microsoft-teams-add-on-licensing.md). </li><li>To see what cloud features are included in each Office 365 plan, see the [License options based on your plan](teams-add-on-licensing/office-365-business-premium.md) articles.</li></ul>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Do my users have the proper licensing for Teams Audio Conferencing?|Audio Conferencing licenses are available as part of an Office 365 E5 subscription or as an add-on service for an Office 365 Business Premium, E1 or E3 subscription. <ul><li>To get and assign licenses, see [Try or purchase Audio Conferencing in Office 365 for Skype for Business Online](https://docs.microsoft.com/SkypeForBusiness/audio-conferencing-in-office-365/try-or-purchase-audio-conferencing-in-office-365) and [Assign licenses to users in Office 365 for business](https://support.office.com/article/997596b5-4173-4627-b915-36abac6786dc).</li><li> To learn more, read [Microsoft Teams add-on licensing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/teams-add-on-licensing/microsoft-teams-add-on-licensing). </li><li>To see what cloud features are included in each Office 365 plan, see the [License options based on your plan](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/skypeforbusiness/skype-for-business-and-microsoft-teams-add-on-licensing/license-options-based-on-your-plan/license-options-based-on-your-plan) articles.</li></ul>|
```
